{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh15900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Website Copy: ToFF 2025 Birthday Affair\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 [HERO SECTION]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Headline:
\f1\b0 \'a0Tom of Finland Foundation\'92s 41 years and counting: We Protect Queer Art. We Queer the Canon. We Nurture Artists.\

\f0\b Sub-Headline:
\f1\b0 \'a0We steward the legacy of Tom of Finland so that freedom of expression remains, sexual and queer liberation expands, and global LGBTQIA2S+ futures thrive.\

\f0\b Event:
\f1\b0 \'a0The 2025 Holiday Party\

\f0\b Location:
\f1\b0 \'a0APPARATUS, New York City\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0 \'a0December 11, 2025\

\f0\b CTA Button:
\f1\b0 \'a0[Support the Mission]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 [SECTION 1: THE MISSION]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Why We Gather\

\f0\b Body:
\f1\b0 \
On December 11, we descend upon\'a0
\f0\b APPARATUS
\f1\b0 \'a0in Chelsea to celebrate resilience. But this is more than an affair; it is an act of stewardship.\
For 41 years, the Tom of Finland Foundation has stood as a guardian against erasure. We are not just preserving drawings; we are protecting a culture. We are a museum, a research center, a home, and a global hub for queer expression.\

\f0\b Our Mission is Absolute:
\f1\b0 \
We steward the legacy of Tom of Finland so that freedom of expression remains, sexual and queer liberation expands, and global LGBTQIA2S+ futures thrive. We protect queer and queer art. We queer the canon. We nurture artists. We foster belonging. We strengthen LGBTQIA2S+ lives.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 [SECTION 2: OUR PROGRAMS]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Your contribution sustains three critical pillars of action.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 01. Nurturing Artists: The Residency (AIR)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 "Creativity Requires Sanctuary."
\f1\b0 \
The Artist-in-Residence program provides the ultimate luxury to QTBIPOC and queer artists:\'a0
\f0\b Time and Space.
\f1\b0 \
We invite artists to live at the Foundation House (Maison Tom) in Los Angeles for 3-month cycles. We remove the burden of survival\'97covering housing, travel, and food\'97so they can focus entirely on creation.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Impact:
\f1\b0 \'a0Residents engage with our archives, receive mentorship from living legends, and build an intergenerational creative family.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Result:
\f1\b0 \'a0New works that define the next era of queer aesthetics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 "To be able to uproot your life... to not have that pressure of paying rent... it allows you to fully immerse yourself. It takes the stress off the artist so the art can come through."\
\'97\'a0
\f0\b Don X., 2025 Artist-in-Residence
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 02. Protecting Art: The Archives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 "Fighting Erasure."
\f1\b0 \
We maintain the world\'92s largest repository of erotic art and artifacts. This is our defense against censorship.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Preservation:
\f1\b0 \'a0We restore and climate-control aging artworks to ensure they survive the next century.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queering the Canon:
\f1\b0 \'a0Through digitization and loans to major museums, we force the art world to recognize our history as essential.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 03. Strengthening Grounds: Academic Research Initiatives\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 "Intellectual Armor."
\f1\b0 \
We refuse to let our history be forgotten or our psychology be pathologized. The Foundation aim to fund and facilitate scholarship in fields often ignored by mainstream academia.\
We actively support research in\'a0
\f0\b Queer History, Queer Culture, Queer Psychology, and Queer Sexuality
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Goal:
\f1\b0 \'a0To provide the intellectual tools and data needed to validate our identities. We frame our diverse lifestyles\'97including kink and BDSM\'97not as deviations, but as vital, healthy expressions of human intimacy and trust.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 04. Global Stage: Public Programming\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 "Freedom of Expression as a Human Right."
\f1\b0 \
We take the fight for sexual liberation to the global stage.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Art & Culture Festival:
\f1\b0 \'a0We produce major gatherings that unite artists, galleries, and activists. From Los Angeles to our recent edition at\'a0
\f0\b Berghain in Berlin
\f1\b0 , we transform spaces into hubs of education and artistic resistance, advocating for human rights and the decriminalization of the LGBTQIA2S+ body.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 [SECTION 3: FINANCIAL TRANSPARENCY]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Where Your Donation Goes\

\f0\b Body:
\f1\b0 \
We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit foundation. We do not have corporate shareholders; we have a community to answer to. Every dollar raised tonight supports the ecosystem of the Foundation.\

\f0\b How Far Does Your Donation Go?
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 I. For the Artists (AIR Program)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Directly supporting the living artists of 2026.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $500
\f1\b0 \'a0covers\'a0
\f0\b Airfare
\f1\b0 \'a0to bring an international artist to the residency.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $1,000
\f1\b0 \'a0covers\'a0
\f0\b Food & Essentials
\f1\b0 \'a0for an artist for their entire stay.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $3,000
\f1\b0 \'a0covers\'a0
\f0\b Housing & Utilities
\f1\b0 \'a0for one artist for 3 months.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\f2\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Bottom Line:
\f1\i0 \'a0When rent is paid, the art gets made.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 II. For Knowledge (Research Initiatives)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 Your contribution of\'a0
\f3\b $500
\f2\b0 \'a0helps fund specific areas of study that strengthen LGBTQIA2S+ lives.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer History:
\f1\b0 \'a0We document and archive the lineages of our community to ensure our stories are canonized in history books rather than erased.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer Culture:
\f1\b0 \'a0We support exhibitions and publications that celebrate the nuances of our lifestyle as essential cultural heritage.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer Psychology:
\f1\b0 \'a0We fund research into the positive mental health impacts of sexual expression and community belonging to combat stigma with science.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer Sexuality (BDSM):
\f1\b0 \'a0We preserve the artifacts and history of leather and kink, framing these practices as vital expressions of human intimacy and trust.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer Art Preservation:
\f1\b0 \'a0We provide the technical stewardship to restore and protect aging erotic artworks, ensuring they survive for future generations.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Queer Art Community Engagement:
\f1\b0 \'a0We foster belonging through life drawing classes, workshops, and salons that create safe spaces for shared creative expression.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 III. For the Global Mission\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $200
\f1\b0 \'a0funds the\'a0
\f0\b Digitization
\f1\b0 \'a0of rare archival sketches, making history accessible to the world.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $1,500
\f1\b0 \'a0supports\'a0
\f0\b Global Advocacy Logistics
\f1\b0 , helping us bring human rights panels and art festivals to international venues like Berghain.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 [SECTION 4: OUR PARTNERS]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Made Possible By\

\f0\b Body:
\f1\b0 \
We extend our deepest gratitude to the partners who have generously offered their space, spirits, and resources to build this sanctuary for us tonight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Sponsor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fapparatusstudio.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 APPARATUS}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 124 West 30th Street, New York
\f1\i0 \
An interdisciplinary design studio exploring the tension between the mechanical and the organic\'97generously transforming their iconic showroom into a home for our community this evening.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Liquor Sponsor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?sa=E&q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.misguidedspirits.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Misguided Spirits}}
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Crafting soulful spirits for the "misguided," the dreamers, and the misfits\'97fueling tonight's celebration with a nod to those who dare to live life off the beaten path.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 [FOOTER]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Tom of Finland Foundation
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 We steward the legacy of Tom of Finland so that freedom of expression remains, sexual and queer liberation expands, and global LGBTQIA2S+ futures thrive.
\f1\i0 \
124 West 30th Street, NY, NY 10001\
[Instagram] [Website] [Contact]\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 \
}